secret name was rather redundant (#1526)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: docs/deployments/ASF-deployment.md

  * Enter all required secret key-value pairs. Notably, the keys should be the secret names as listed (case-sensitive)
    in the [`job_spec`s](./job_spec) which will be deployed
  * Click the orange "Next" button

>   * Name the secret "HYP3_STACK" where `HYP3_STACK` is the name of the HyP3 Cloud Formation stack that will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Name the secret "HYP3_STACK" where `HYP3_STACK` is the name of the HyP3 CloudFormation stack that will
```
